# GitHub Labels Manager (GLM)

## Project introduction
GLM provides the following functions:
- [x] Gets all the labels of a repository and stores them in 'labels.json' of the specified directory
- [x] Clear the label * of a repository (requires a token with repo permission)*
- [x] Set the label of a warehouse * according to the specified **json** file (clear the specified warehouse before setting, you need a token with repo permission)*
- [x] Copy the label of a warehouse to another warehouse *(clear the specified warehouse before setting, requires a token with repo permission)*

## Configure before use
### Python
Make sure you have a Python environment on your device.
Run the following command to check the Python version:

```bash
python --version
` ` `

You might see output like this:

` ` `
C:\Users\user_name>python --version
Python 3.12.0
` ` `

#### Install the required libraries
'cd' to the project directory and run the following command:
```powershell
# Create a virtual environment
python -m venv .venv
# Activate the virtual environment
.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
# Install the required libraries
pip install -i https://pypi.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/simple -r requirements.txt
` ` `

### Token
You need a GitHub Token to run some of the features.
Follow these steps to obtain a GitHub Token.

1. Log in to GitHub:
Open GitHub and log into your account.

2. Go to the Settings page:
Click your profile picture in the top right corner and select "**Settings**".

3. Navigate to Token Settings:
In the left menu, click "**Developer settings**".
Then on the left menu, find and click to expand "**Personal access tokens**".
Select "**Tokens (classic)**" under "**Personal access tokens**".

4. Create a Token:
Expand "**Generate new token**" in the upper right corner.
Select "**Generate new Token (classic)**" (generate new Token (typical)).

5. Fill in the Token information:
Just fill out the form.
Note → Token name, take casually, Chinese is also OK.
Expiration → Token existence time, you can select "No expiration" (will not expire).
Select scopes → Token scope, where **repo** is required.

6. Generate Token:
Click the green button at the bottom (" Generate token ") to generate the Token.

7. Token generated by replication:
* Please note that you will not be able to obtain this Token again after this, please keep the Token safe and do not upload it to the public warehouse. *

8. Fill the Token in the profile:
Enter your Token in 'token' in 'config.json'.

## How to get it
Please get] [to the Releases page (https://github.com/DuckDuckStudio/GitHub-Labels-Manager/releases)
